# Week of 9/29

## Meeting Start Time

**2025/10/02/03:30PM** 

## Meeting End Time

**2025/10/02/04:00PM**

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present
- Jason Yoder
- Nolan Meyer
- Josh Miller
- Kareline Jones

## Minute Recorder
Jason Yoder

## Topics Discussed

- First iteration features
  - How we want to tackle them
  - Do they need to change?
- Roles
  - What we think the best way to divide the project is
  - Determined it was best to divide it by parts of architecture (front end, back end etc)
- How we will combine features so it just works
- QR scanner should be the first thing done
## Things Clarified

- How QR codes will work

## Tasks Distributed
Roles assigned:
- GUI - James and Jason
- QR Scanner - Nolan
- Database - Kareline
- Transactions - Josh
