# Week of 10/08

## Meeting Start Time

**2025/10/09/03:30PM** 

## Meeting End Time

**2025/10/09/04:00PM**

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present
- Jason Yoder
- Nolan Meyer
- Josh Miller
- Kareline Jones
- James Ramsey

## Minute Recorder
Jason Yoder

## Topics Discussed
- Team updates/progress on the project
- QR codes, how they should function, where they should route to

## Things Clarified
- Clarifying flutter project layout
  - How components/scaffolds work
- Will the backend (Supabase) need a repository/how is it hosted?
  
## Tasks Distributed
- Jason and James work on GUI and finish main page Friday(10/10)
- Josh work on mocking the Nayax API
- Nolan will work on routing
- Kareline will work on fletching out database
