# Client Meeting on 12/1/2025

## Meeting Start Time

**2025/12/1/03:30PM**

## Meeting End Time

**2025/12/1/04:30PM**

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present
- Jake King
- Nolan Meyer
- James Ramsey
- Kareline Jones
- Josh Miller
- Jason Yoder

## Minute Recorder

Jason Yoder

## Topics Discussed
- Iteration 2 wrap-up and documentation
- Next iteration features
- Build warnings need to be figured out
- Components directory should be named Widgets

## Things Clarified
- Nayax dev meeting coming up to determine which payment service we will use

## Feedback
- Loves our direction, loves the features we've implemented
- Pixel overflow should be fixed within login and sign up
- Password should have a visible toggle
- Need to be careful with small details like
  - Build warnings with dynamic typing
  - Optimizing data
  - Make things look a little more professional
- Client said the software is helpful and could be useable
