# Client Meeting on 4/15/2026

## Meeting Start Time

**2026/4/15/03:00PM**

## Meeting End Time

**2026/4/15/03:25PM**

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present
- Jake King
- Nolan Meyer
- James Ramsey
- Kareline Jones
- Josh Miller
- Jason Yoder

## Minute Recorder

Jason Yoder

## Topics Discussed
- Iteration 5 wrap-up and documentation

## Things Clarified
- Nayax will be thrown out and a new API used, set up for it.
- Leave comments in development.md for spots he will want to sub out (specific keys in env files and secrets, realtime, etc)

## Client Use of the Project

### How did the client use the software?
- We ran the app on our side while Jake told us where to click and what features he wanted to see.

### What features did they test in your software?
- Widgets on main dashboard
- Refund request response page
- Location/machine management
- Employee management page
- Maintenance request and response

### How long did they use your software?
- 20 minutes

### How was their reaction to the software?
Generally positive. Loved the admin features and how it gives an interface to manage the company.

Things mentioned:
- Refunds need to be responded to within same day and if not automatically denied.
- Price column on machines need to be size instead.
- Leave comments in realtime code to swap if needed.
- Leave comment on traffic data for substituition for Kisi plugin.

### Did you recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?
Nothing unusual came up during our presentation.

### Issues (any usability, functionality, etc. issues)
No issues came up, everything ran smoothly. 
