# Client Meeting on 3/11/2026

## Meeting Start Time

**2026/3/11/03:00PM**

## Meeting End Time

**2026/3/11/03:45PM**

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present
- Jake King
- Nolan Meyer
- James Ramsey
- Kareline Jones
- Josh Miller
- Jason Yoder

## Minute Recorder

Jason Yoder

## Topics Discussed
- Iteration 4 wrap-up and documentation
- Next iteration features
  - React Website with admin portal possibly
  - Edge cases we need to cover

## Things Clarified
- Should have door lock mechanism to test soon
- Nayax Cortina API key coming soon
  
## Client Use of the Project

### How did the client use the software?
Client didn't have access to computer, so he guided Josh through by telling him what to click on and go through.

### What features did they test in your software?
General flow of the software, home screen, reset password, edit profile/delete account, request refund, view transaction history etc.

### How long did they use your software?
30 minutes

### How was their reaction to the software?
Generally positive, was able to be nit-picky and suggest small changes for UI.

Things mentioned:
- Corners are rounded different
- Homescreen welcome message should be left aligned
- Change homescreen dropdown to bottom up widget
- Dark mode colors need reworked
- Homescreen side margin needs to come in
- Need to add disclosure to submit refund request
- Need to make a privacy policy and terms and conditions (small thing to do but needed for app store)
- Add logo to reset password page to fill white space

### Did you recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?
Some weird behavior with an emulator being funky but generally behaved as expected.

### Issues (any usability, functionality, etc. issues)
Find nearest location didn't want to work in demo, location permission was denied but app got stuck trying
